Updated `Payment request format` page (#832)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats.md

   width = 1600
   height = 500
   layout = "full-width"
%}

# Payment request formats

Payment information can be shared in many formats and over diverse communication channels. Each has its advantages and limitations. These formats seen together allow for broad flexibility in initiating payments, both on lightning and on-chain. Some of them are still maturing and have varying support across applications.

{% include tip/open.html color="blue" icon="info" label="Test your apps for compatibility" %}

If you need to test whether your application supports a payment request type, you can try scanning the examples shown on this page. If your application does not support a particular format, it should show the user a friendly error message.

{% include tip/close.html %}  

## Uniform resource identifier (URIs) schemes

A [Uniform Resource Identifier](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniform_Resource_Identifier) (URI) is a web technology that uses unique prefixes to identify anything. This can be real-world objects, websites, information, etc.

Bitcoin uses URIs to help apps identify payment requests. The technical details of this scheme are detailed in [BIP 21](https://bips.xyz/21).

> BIP 21 uses a `bitcoin:` URI scheme to identify and help applications manage bitcoin payment requests. Applications should support this if they want to be [interoperable]({{'/guide/getting-started/principles/#interoperability' | relative_url}}) with other bitcoin products. Some other less common, non-standardized, URI schemes used for bitcoin payment requests include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BIP 21 uses a `bitcoin:` URI scheme to identify and help applications manage bitcoin payment requests. Applications should support this if they want to be [interoperable]({{'/guide/getting-started/principles/#interoperability' | relative_url}}) with other bitcoin products. Some other URI schemes used for bitcoin payment requests include `lightning` and LNURL schemes such as `lnurlp`. Note that a URI scheme can be presented as lowercase or uppercase.
```

I don't agree with the statement the way it's worded.

- [BIP21](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/BIP_0021) specifically says it's OK to uppercase the scheme, so that's "standardized".
- All URI schemes are allowed to be uppercase or lowercase according to [RFC 3986](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc3986), so really uppercasing any URI scheme should be considered standardized.
- `lightning:` is defined in [BOLT11](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/BIP_0021), so also standardized.
- Not sure I am aware of `lnurl:`, but things like `lnurlc:`, `lnurlp:`, `lnurlw:`, and `keyauth:` are defined in LUD-17, so those would also be standardized.

Reviewer: Also note that my very granular focus on these details may not affect the life of a designer very much. 🙂 Just making sure technical claims are accurate.

- `BITCOIN:`
- `lightning:`
- `LIGHTNING:`

> - `lnurl:`

Reviewer: If you accept the above comment on line 49, then delete all these lines.

> BIP 21 is extensible and allows for the addition of other useful meta data that give more context to a payment request. This includes things like an amount, labels, messages, and other useful data. It also allows [more than one type of payment]({{'/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/#unified-payment-requests' | relative_url}}) request format to be included in a payment request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
BIP 21 is extensible and allows for the addition of other useful meta data that give more context to a payment request. This includes things like an amount, labels, messages, and other useful data. It also allows [more than one type]({{'/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/#unified-payment-requests' | relative_url}}) of payment request format to be included in a payment request.
```

## Lightning payment request formats

### Invoice

<div class="center" markdown="1">

{% include image.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/invoice.jpg"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/invoice@2x.jpg"
   alt-text = "A QR code of an invoice"
   width = 400
   height = 500
   layout = "float-right-desktop"
%}

An invoice is the basis of payment requests on lightning. Most other lightning payment request formats build on top of invoices. How they work on a technical level is defined in [BOLT 11](https://github.com/lightning/bolts/blob/master/11-payment-encoding.md).

> Invoices are single use payment requests which have built-in expiries, set to 60 minutes by default. Invoice expiration times can be configured for different use cases such as [Hold invoices](https://bitcoinops.org/en/topics/hold-invoices/). These have long expiration times that allow a receiver to accept the payment at a later time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Invoices are single-use payment requests which have built-in expiries, set to 60 minutes by default. Invoice expiration times can be configured for different use cases such as [Hold invoices](https://bitcoinops.org/en/topics/hold-invoices/). These have long expiration times that allow a receiver to accept the payment at a later time.
```

Invoices can also contain other pieces of meta data useful for users, like a description detailing what the invoice is for. A name can be included in the description via [NameDesc](https://github.com/lightning/blips/pull/11), which lets the sender know who they are paying.

> Requesters' node public keys are included in their generated invoices, so they should not be shared publicly to preserve privacy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Requesters' node public keys are included in their generated invoices, so invoices should not be shared publicly to preserve privacy.
```
Assuming `they` refers to invoices and not the the node public keys.

</div>

{% include tip/open.html color="red" icon="forbid" label="Lightning invoices are not addresses" %}

> It could be tempting to refer to a lightning invoice as a “lightning address.” Doing so could be confused with the [lightning address]({{'/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/#lightning-addresses' | relative_url}}) protocol described below. Therefore, avoid calling an invoice an address. A “payment request” would be a better synonym for “invoice.”

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It could be tempting to refer to a lightning invoice as a “lightning address.” Doing so could be confused with the [lightning address]({{'/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/#lightning-addresses' | relative_url}}) protocol described below. Therefore, avoid calling an invoice an address. “Payment request” is a better synonym for “invoice.”
```

{% include tip/close.html %}

### Invoice protocols

> Invoice protocols are static payment requests that generate and share [invoices]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/#invoice' | relative_url }}). These payment requests do not actually contain invoices. Instead, the payer scans or imports the request's data. This contains all the information they need to fetch a new invoice from the recipient.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Invoice protocols are static payment requests that generate and share [invoices]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/#invoice' | relative_url }}). These payment requests do not actually contain invoices. Instead, the payer scans or imports the request data. It contains all the information they need to fetch a new invoice from the recipient.
```

The various types of invoice protocols offer flexibility and unique use cases not possible with single-use, standard invoices.

#### Offers

<div class="center" markdown="1">

{% include image.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/offer.jpg"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/offer@2x.jpg"
   alt-text = "A QR code of an offer"
   width = 400
   height = 500
   layout = "float-right-desktop"
%}

Offers are an experimental invoice protocol developed by [Core Lightning](https://blockstream.com/lightning/). How they work on a technical level is defined in [BOLT 12](https://bolt12.org/). Offers are still a draft specification and are currently not widely supported.

Offers can contain a wider range of meta data compared to standard invoices. This includes fiat currencies, requester names, payment limits (minimum and maximum), and recurrences (how often can a new request be generated). Some examples are outlined [here](https://bootstrap.bolt12.org/examples).

> Offer can also generate pull payments, say for refunds, and have the ability to create subscriptions. A subscription has the offer generate and share invoices with a subscriber as they need them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Offers can also generate pull payments, say for refunds, and have the ability to create subscriptions. A subscription has the offer generate and share invoices with a subscriber as they need them.
```

Offers do not need as much information as a standard invoice for a payment to be made. This has usability improvements, such as smaller, easier-to-scan QR codes.

Another feature that is a work in progress with offers is blinded paths. These will enable a user to not reveal the public information about their lightning node, improving privacy.

</div>

#### LNURL

[LNURL](https://www.advancingbitcoin.com/blog/lnurl/) is an invoice protocol that leverages HTTP servers to dynamically generate various types of requests. This comes with privacy and censorship resistance trade-offs, as users are relying on a third-party server to act honestly.

LNURL uses a web server, which allows it to have much richer data attached to its requests. An example is the ability to add an image, say of your merchant store, to a payment or request.

Subscriptions are a [work in progress](https://github.com/fiatjaf/lnurl-rfc/issues/77) on the LNURL standard.

> LNRURL is broken up into several sub-protocols, which have different use cases. Three of these sub-protocols are focused on making or requesting payments (pay, lightning address, and withdraw). LNURL-auth and channel are also available, but are for authenticating a user and opening payment channels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
LNRURL is broken up into several sub-protocols, which have different use cases. Three of these sub-protocols are focused on making or requesting payments (pay, lightning address, and withdraw). LNURL-auth and channel are also available, for authenticating a user and opening payment channels.
```

Unlike Keysends, AMP allows for generation of static invoices. This can be useful for creating static payment requests that can be used for donation or subscription type services.

Like Keysends, AMP invoices can not provide proof of payments, so they may not be viable in some situations, such as paying a merchant. [Simplified multipath payments](https://bitcoinops.org/en/topics/multipath-payments/) (SMPs) can resolve this issue, though at the expense of payments being easier to correlate, reducing privacy benefits.

AMP invoices do not allow senders to attach a description for the receiver to their payment. This makes it difficult for receivers to know who paid them, and what it was for.

</div>

## On-chain payment request formats

### Addresses

An address is the standard format used for on-chain payment requests. There are many address types that offer different functionality and improvements, such as lower fees or more complex multi-sig setups. We go into detail about these on our [address page]({{ '/guide/glossary/address/' | relative_url }}).

> Below we have listed the primary address types available to so you can test if your application supports them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below are the primary address types available to test if your application supports them.
```

   height = 500
   layout = "float-right-desktop"
%}

Offers are an experimental invoice protocol developed by [Core Lightning](https://blockstream.com/lightning/). How they work on a technical level is defined in [BOLT 12](https://bolt12.org/). Offers are still a draft specification and are currently not widely supported.

Offers can contain a wider range of meta data compared to standard invoices. This includes fiat currencies, requester names, payment limits (minimum and maximum), and recurrences (how often can a new request be generated). Some examples are outlined [here](https://bootstrap.bolt12.org/examples).

Offer can also generate pull payments, say for refunds, and have the ability to create subscriptions. A subscription has the offer generate and share invoices with a subscriber as they need them.

Unlike other invoice protocols, offers use native communication to share invoices. This means the invoices are shared within lightning and not out of band over private communication channels or through a web server (like [LNURL]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/#lnurl' | relative_url }})) making it more private, censorship resistant, and convenient.

> Offers do not need as much information as a standard invoice for a payment to be made. This has usability improvements such as smaller, easier to scan, QR codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Offers do not need as much information as a standard invoice for a payment to be made. This has usability improvements, such as smaller, easier-to-scan QR codes.
```

@GBKS We're also going to need to remove that last comma and throw in some hyphens since we're using "easier to scan" as an adjective.

[LNURL](https://www.advancingbitcoin.com/blog/lnurl/) is an invoice protocol that leverages HTTP servers to dynamically generate various types of requests. This comes with privacy and censorship resistance trade-offs as users are relying on a third-party server to act honestly.

As LNURL uses a web server this allows it to have much richer data attached to its requests. An example is the ability to add an image, say of your merchant store, to a payment or request.

Subscriptions are a [work in progres](https://github.com/fiatjaf/lnurl-rfc/issues/77) on the LNURL standard.

With LNURL it's not possible to prove an invoice has been requested and paid such as with a standard invoice or offers. This can be an issue when paying merchants.

LNRURL can be broken up into several sub-protocols which have different use cases. Three of these sub-protocols are focused on making or requesting payments (pay, lightning address, and withdraw). LNURL-auth and channel are also available, but are for authenticating a user and opening payment channels.

##### Pay

LNURL-Pay is a static way that lets senders dynamically request an invoice from the receiver to be paid.

##### Lightning address

> A [Lightning addresses](https://lightningaddress.com) builds on top of LNURL-Pay and gives users a more human readable payment address. They use the very familiar email format (user@bitcoin.design) to request payments.

Reviewer: @GBKS Lightning address is part of LNURL, it's defined in their repository.

https://github.com/fiatjaf/lnurl-rfc/blob/luds/16.md

"Lightning address" is the friendly, user-facing term for "LUD-16: paying to static internet identifiers".

> A [Lightning addresses](https://lightningaddress.com) builds on top of LNURL-Pay and gives users a more human readable payment address. They use the very familiar email format (user@bitcoin.design) to request payments.

Reviewer: But 👍 on the grammar edits

   retina = "/assets/images/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/lnurl@2x.jpg"
   mobile = "/assets/images/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/lnurl-mobile.jpg"
   mobileRetina = "/assets/images/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/lnurl-mobile@2x.jpg"
   alt-text = "How LSPs offer liquidity as a service"
   width = 800
   height = 348
%}

### Node ID

<div class="center" markdown="1">

{% include image.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/node.jpg"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/node@2x.jpg"
   alt-text = "A QR code of an offer"
   width = 400
   height = 500
   layout = "float-right-desktop"
%}

A users node ID can be used as a payment request format when a sender is paying via [Keysend](https://lightning.readthedocs.io/lightning-keysend.7.html) or an [Atomic multi-path (AMP)]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/#atomic-multi-path-amp' | relative_url }}) payment request.

Node IDs can act as static payment end points. This means the user does not have to generate a request each time they want to receive a payment.

> Requesting a payment with your node ID can leak your public information which is bad for privacy. Keysend payments are also unable to provide proof of payment like an invoice payment which could be problematic in some situations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requesting a payment with your node ID can leak your public information, which is bad for privacy. Also, unlike invoice payments, keysend payments cannot provide proof of payment. This could be problematic in some situations.
```
Added a needed comma. Rearranged for simplicity.

</div>

### Atomic multi-path (AMP) invoice

<div class="center" markdown="1">

{% include image.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/amp.jpg"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/amp@2x.jpg"
   alt-text = "A QR code of an offer"
   width = 400
   height = 500
   layout = "float-right-desktop"
%}

AMP invoice build on top of Keysends and makes use of [atomic multi-path payments](https://docs.lightning.engineering/lightning-network-tools/lnd/amp). Multi-path payments make it harder to correlate payments, which has privacy benefits as its harder for third parties to know who paid who. They also increase the likelihood of larger payments succeeding.

Unlike Keysends, AMP allows for generating of static invoices. This can be useful for creating static payment requests that can be used for donation or subscription type services.

> Like Keysends, AMP invoices can not provide proof of payments so they may not be viable in some situations such as paying a merchant. [Simplified multipath payments](https://bitcoinops.org/en/topics/multipath-payments/) (SMPs) can resolve this issue, though at the expense of payments being easier to correlate reducing privacy benefits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like Keysends, AMP invoices can not provide proof of payments, so they may not be viable in some situations, such as paying a merchant. [Simplified multipath payments](https://bitcoinops.org/en/topics/multipath-payments/) (SMPs) can resolve this issue, though at the expense of payments being easier to correlate, reducing privacy benefits.
```

AMP invoices do not allow senders to attach a description for the receiver to their payment. This makes it difficult for receivers to know who paid them and what it was for.

</div>

## On-chain payment request formats

### Addresses

> An address is the standard format used for on-chain payment requests. There are many address types that offer different functionality and improvements, such as lower fees or more complex multi-sig setups. We go into detail on these on our [address page]({{ '/guide/glossary/address/' | relative_url }}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An address is the standard format used for on-chain payment requests. There are many address types that offer different functionality and improvements, such as lower fees or more complex multi-sig setups. We go into detail about these on our [address page]({{ '/guide/glossary/address/' | relative_url }}).
```

Below we have listed the primary address types available to so you can test if your application supports them.

{% include picture.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/adresses.jpg"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/adresses@2x.jpg"
   mobile = "/assets/images/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/adresses-mobile.jpg"
   mobileRetina = "/assets/images/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/adresses-mobile@2x.jpg"
   alt-text = "How LSPs offer liquidity as a service"
   width = 800
   height = 348
%}

### Payment code

<div class="center" markdown="1">

{% include image.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/payment-code.jpg"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/payment-code@2x.jpg"
   alt-text = "A QR code of an offer"
   width = 400
   height = 500
   layout = "float-right-desktop"
%}

A payment code is a static payment request type that can receive multiple payments. The technical details of how these work is defined in [BIP 47](https://bips.xyz/47).

> Payment codes have been popularised in wallets such as [Samourai](https://samouraiwallet.com/) and [Sparrow](https://sparrowwallet.com/). These wallets abstract away the payment codes into a more user friendly payment addresses called [PayNyms](https://paynym.is/).

Author: I tend to agree with that though how is that different from a lightning address server which is also a centralized, abstracted static LNURL-Pay address? I think it is good to have some mention of it has it does create a lot of confusion for people I've found. Can re-word it to reflect that but not necessarily recommend it

> Payment codes have been popularised in wallets such as [Samourai](https://samouraiwallet.com/) and [Sparrow](https://sparrowwallet.com/). These wallets abstract away the payment codes into a more user friendly payment addresses called [PayNyms](https://paynym.is/).

Reviewer 2: Lightning addresses and LNURL are not centralized, you can host them anywhere you want. LNURL is just a protocol specification that can be implemented in 1000 ways and hosted anywhere. Lightning address is just a way to derive a URL from an email-like String.

PayNyms use one server, and wallets integrate via that one servers API. It's a natively centralized architecture that no-one can build on or even host on their own.

Very different things.

> A downside to payment codes is they require an additional on-chain transaction each time two users want to connect and use them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A downside to payment codes is that they require an additional on-chain transaction each time two users want to connect and use them.
```

> A downside to payment codes is they require an additional on-chain transaction each time two users want to connect and use them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A downside to payment codes is that they require an additional on-chain transaction each time two users want to connect and use them.
```

</div>

### Silent payment

> Silent payments is a [newly proposed format](https://gist.github.com/RubenSomsen/c43b79517e7cb701ebf77eec6dbb46b8?permalink_comment_id=4113680) that allows two users to privately make an on-chain payment between them. This is similar to payment codes however does not need to establish a relationship between users limiting their on-chain footprint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Silent payments is a [newly proposed format](https://gist.github.com/RubenSomsen/c43b79517e7cb701ebf77eec6dbb46b8?permalink_comment_id=4113680) that allows two users to privately make an on-chain payment between them. This is similar to payment codes, however it does not need to establish a relationship between users, limiting the overall transaction on-chain footprint.
```

> Silent payments is a [newly proposed format](https://gist.github.com/RubenSomsen/c43b79517e7cb701ebf77eec6dbb46b8?permalink_comment_id=4113680) that allows two users to privately make an on-chain payment between them. This is similar to payment codes however does not need to establish a relationship between users limiting their on-chain footprint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Silent payments is a [newly proposed format](https://gist.github.com/RubenSomsen/c43b79517e7cb701ebf77eec6dbb46b8?permalink_comment_id=4113680) that allows two users to privately make an on-chain payment between them. This is similar to payment codes, however it does not need to establish a relationship between users, limiting the overall transaction on-chain footprint.
```

> The trade-off that silent payments require is receivers of silent payments require extra bandwidth to scan the bitcoin UTXO set to find payments made to them. This could be problematic on mobile and other less powerful devices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The trade-off that silent payments require is that receivers of silent payments need extra bandwidth to scan the bitcoin UTXO set, to find payments made to them. This could be problematic on mobile and other less powerful devices.
```

> The trade-off that silent payments require is receivers of silent payments require extra bandwidth to scan the bitcoin UTXO set to find payments made to them. This could be problematic on mobile and other less powerful devices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The trade-off that silent payments require is that receivers of silent payments need extra bandwidth to scan the bitcoin UTXO set, to find payments made to them. This could be problematic on mobile and other less powerful devices.
```

> 

Reviewer: IMO, silent payments should not be included (yet). I don't think every bitcoin proposal or idea is fit for inclusion in the Guide. This proposal is less than 3 months old and I know somebody successfully did a signet TX with this the other day, but that's it. I'm sure there are other bitcoin privacy or address format proposals we are excluding here, as well, so why this one in particular?

Now of course, BOLT 12 offers are still experimental -- but it's actually implemented in Core Lightning for one to use. And PayNyms, while not widely supported, are implemented and used by some.

For me, the litmus test for inclusion is that it should be implemented into a major wallet or node implementation, at the very least.

Author: Good points, I was on the fence about including it but found it interesting. Will remove and re-address once (if) it becomes more common place. I might just leave a comment at the end of the PayNym section about it link off to it as it is an improvement on that format (for privacy purposes that is).

## Bitcoin uniform resource identifiers (URIs)

> A [Uniform Resource Identifier](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniform_Resource_Identifier) (URI) is a web technology uses unique prefixes to identify anything. This can be real-world objects, websites, information, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A [Uniform Resource Identifier](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniform_Resource_Identifier) (URI) is a web technology that uses unique prefixes to identify anything. This can be real-world objects, websites, information, etc.
```

> A [Uniform Resource Identifier](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniform_Resource_Identifier) (URI) is a web technology uses unique prefixes to identify anything. This can be real-world objects, websites, information, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A [Uniform Resource Identifier](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniform_Resource_Identifier) (URI) is a web technology that uses unique prefixes to identify anything. This can be real-world objects, websites, information, etc.
```

> Bitcoin leverages this technology when dealing with payment requests. The technical details about how this is done is detailed in [BIP 21](https://bips.xyz/21). But essentially bitcoin payment requests use a `bitcoin:` URI scheme to identify and help applications manage bitcoin payment requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bitcoin leverages this technology when dealing with payment requests. The technical details about how this is done are described in [BIP 21](https://bips.xyz/21). But essentially, bitcoin payment requests use a `bitcoin:` URI scheme to identify and help applications manage bitcoin payment requests.
```

> Bitcoin leverages this technology when dealing with payment requests. The technical details about how this is done is detailed in [BIP 21](https://bips.xyz/21). But essentially bitcoin payment requests use a `bitcoin:` URI scheme to identify and help applications manage bitcoin payment requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bitcoin leverages this technology when dealing with payment requests. The technical details about how this is done are described in [BIP 21](https://bips.xyz/21). But essentially, bitcoin payment requests use a `bitcoin:` URI scheme to identify and help applications manage bitcoin payment requests.
```

> Bitcoin leverages this technology when dealing with payment requests. The technical details about how this is done is detailed in [BIP 21](https://bips.xyz/21). But essentially bitcoin payment requests use a `bitcoin:` URI scheme to identify and help applications manage bitcoin payment requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bitcoin uses this technology when dealing with payment requests. The technical details about how this is done is detailed in [BIP 21](https://bips.xyz/21). But essentially bitcoin payment requests use a `bitcoin:` URI scheme to identify and help applications manage bitcoin payment requests.
```

> This scheme is extensible and allows for the addition of other useful meta data that give more context to a payment request. This includes things like an amount, labels, messages and other useful data. It also allows more than one type of payment request format to be included in a payment request. We explore this in the next section on unified payment requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This scheme is extensible and allows for the addition of other useful meta data that give more context to a payment request. This includes things like an amount, labels, messages, and other useful data. It also allows more than one type of payment request format to be included in a payment request. We explore this in the next section on unified payment requests.
```

> ## Unified payment requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Unified payment requests
```

Seems like a subordinate topic to BIP21? What do you think?

Author: Good point, definitely builds on the idea

<div class="center" markdown="1">

{% include image.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/unified.jpg"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/unified@2x.jpg"
   alt-text = "A QR code of an offer"
   width = 400
   height = 500
   layout = "float-right-desktop"
%}

> A unified payment request combines one or more of the formats listed above. This makes it easier to request a payment when you are unsure what formats the sender supports.

Reviewer 2: Isn't the unified payment request stuff we've been hyped about just focused on basic on-chain addresses plus a lightning invoice? Or are there also implementations of on-chain address with a LNURL-Pay code, or other combos?

Reviewer: I don't know that anybody has tried anything like that yet. But it could be done.

Author: For now yeah, but it's pretty extensible you could get creative with you if you wanted to. Invoice protocols will most likely replace using standard invoices in the future

Reviewer 2: So maybe rephrase to state that it's about combining two specific formats instead of any?

> A unified payment request combines one or more of the formats listed above. This makes it easier to request a payment when you are unsure what formats the sender supports.

Reviewer 2: Isn't the unified payment request stuff we've been hyped about just focused on basic on-chain addresses plus a lightning invoice? Or are there also implementations of on-chain address with a LNURL-Pay code, or other combos?
